When to use padding v margin?

Padding creates internal space within the box. Margin 
Padding-space between box and text
Margin-space between containers

If you want border to be far away from text, that would be padding.
if you have other boxes, and want to push those away from each other, you use margin. 

Google Fonts-fonts.google.com

To change font of the content in the body, DO NOT use h1, p, ul. USE body {
A rule that is applied to an element is applied to that element and all of its decendants. You can override that inheritance if you create a rule for that ex: h2 under the body style rule

EX:
<style>
	body{
		font-family: 'Roboto', sans-serif;
		}
	h2{
		font family: 'Comic Sans MS';


Hex code:color

color: rgb (144, 195, 212);

RGB you can use instead of hex code. Can be used interchangeably. 
If there is something next to the RGB code, it dictates its transparency

Alpha 
opacity


REVIEW:

Elements that are block for default-p tags, headers, divs

What are inline elements?

Inline elements are right next to each other. They CANNOT have their height and width changed. They can only push things on the right and left.

<Span> tags (also inline element) are used when you want to style specific things within the body. You can give span tags an ID and class. 

image tags are inline block element-height and width, top and bottom can be changed
<a> tags are inline elements which have restrictive features which is fine if you are styling 
<p> tags are block elements. They want their own block. If you add an img and p tag, they will be in their own block. 

You can change block elements by adding the inline-block character in CSS (ex:display: block
you can manipulate anything by making inline blocck to add 

Usually make inline elements to inline-block.

hover to make something orange
a:hover{
backround-color:orange;
}

to get rid of default text settings use "text decorator"
if you have an inline block in the a tag as in the horizontal nav exercise, you do not need to change the padding in the nav as the inline block will take size of the block

In the body, for the multiple font family, it is set up that way just in case the browser cannot find the previous fonts














